docs(adyen): adding note about store configuration needed for adyen (#920)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/03-extensions/adyen/how-to/front-commerce.mdx

## Front-Commerce configuration

:::tip

Please be sure to configure your store's URL properly in the `app/config/stores.js` file.

Misconfiguration of the store's URL can lead to issues with the Adyen payment methods.

> :::

Reviewer: It would be good to link to the docs or show an example of how it should be configured, as this is all good and well, but is not clear what `configure your store's URL` is?

Author: Except the page on the core API didn't found something to explain to the customer the full procedure to setup stores, that's why I haven't linked this to anything

Reviewer 2: **nitpick:** It's also not very clear what issues can happen.

**suggestion:** 
```suggestion
:::tip

Please be sure to configure your store's URL properly in the `app/config/stores.js` file.

Misconfiguration of the store's URL can lead to incorrect redirections for Adyen payment methods requiring 3DS authentication.

:::
```

Author: It doesn't causes incorrect redirections, it causes fail to process requests since shop origin for 3DS request doesn't match origin for payment validation call. I think we shouldn't mention 3DS since a valid configuration should be set-up to ensure eveything works properly.

Reviewer: > Except the [page on the core API ](https://developers.front-commerce.com/docs/3.x/api-reference/front-commerce-core/config#stores)didn't found something to explain to the customer the full procedure to setup stores, that's why I haven't linked this to anything

That is the problem, and hence why this issue can occur, insufficient documentation. hence my comment.

Author: I think it deserve a whole section about different configurations / configuration files in the `app/config` folder but it should be part of another issue
